hello guys and welcome to the 25th
avatar conquest battle today we're
playing X acts of Viper and if you've
been watching my videos in the past you
know that um I've played Viper before so
here is again but today the only
different thing is that Viper has pretty
much the same army that he brought last
time except you can see that he has
changed he's bought regards bo-sama i've
got two of them at the front and then
he's got this huge assortment of these
veteran units their lone lone sir -
agarró and some yari samurai veterans
and then at the back here he's got a
buncha re actually karo then longsword I
should guard excuse me more loans or -
cigars so it's a very austere gara heavy
army in the back he's got katana
kaverley light cavalry yari Cavalry's
mixing it up and in the beginning to be
honest I thought this was going to be a
walk in the park for me seeing that I
thought that I had the unit superiority
but um when I think about it now I don't
have any upgrades on my units so yeah
I've got two units of yard Calvary
hiding in the woods here and the plan is
you know come around but this house is
gonna these two buildings are gonna make
it difficult for Calgary to do anything
unless they swing all fully round anyway
my front line is composed of three units
of the BOA Tsugaru and then I've got two
yard samurai protecting the flanks which
is a usual thing that I'm going to be
doing in the future just to fend off cab
attacks whenever i unlock naginata
samurai I'll be using them and then I've
got a new dodgy samurai and two more
notches on right here so 3-node actually
summer I'm protecting my right flank
these guys and my idea was that there
will be the pressuring force from the
right but because they don't have any
calvary support and then these three
katana samurai here will be my
freshening force on the left and then
I'll get some support from my yard
cavalry and there is my two Takagi and I
still have the bug with the general
looking
which is kind of starting to piss me off
but anyway you can see that the skirmish
fight has started here come the fire
arrows from his boat Samurai and they're
going to wreck my day here some nice
firecrackers he's just taking shots into
the fight now he's going to start moving
up and he's actually going to just move
up in mass look at this I didn't realize
that this at the time but he had so many
units like look look at the army
comparison like the army size he's got
so many units I've got these like little
elite units so you can see what's pretty
much happening I'm starting to bring
down my guys running my bows backward
I'm going to use my katana samurai in
the middle here and I'm swinging my own
Adachi samurai on the right and they're
going to be hit by a re I should garu
and I'm going to be making contact
across the line yard Samurai defensive
positions here at a defensive position
by violet by my own adduction and
supporting them and look this area she
Guara are doing really well for some
reason in this mine is actually and at
this time I'm going to activate my
cavalry and my opponent sees this and
he's going to be sending his guys for so
you can see here that I'm starting to
have some success and I've just inspired
this katana samurai unit and that will
route that lone sword that sugar unit I
think and you can see here that I'm
bringing my Calvary in and I'm going to
collide right into his cavalry I don't
know why I did this
yeah it was because they had a light
cavalry get it and look at this he
inspires his troops now and that is
going to stop many of his people from
routing so I'm going to run out of there
try to get support into my infantry but
he's going to be chasing me around so
down my Calvary is quite far away from
the battle and look I'm starting my no
da cheese are starting to route against
the lone sword a cigar
which is kind of weird so here you can
see I'm trying to do another chart at
these guys and I was hoping if I do a
full uncharted 2 minutes I'll get some
effect
I do get an effect on that light cavalry
unit but that katana caliber unit is
going to be tough and here I'm going to
send send them in try to attack that
that yari a cigar unit but it's not
going to really be doing much so you can
see here that the quality advantage that
I thought I had initially it's slowly
fading away to all view - all due to all
these veteran units and they're standing
there actually doing really good and you
can see here that he has also got two
units of the yari cavalry in the mix
supporting his units and look at this my
units are going to start routing now of
involved I'm trying to send my general
around and he targeted my general with
his both samurai which was an excellent
move but his general is pretty much in
the battle and you can see here that my
middle pretty much crumbled my right
crumbled and now my left is soon going
to crumble
my Calvary didn't really do that much
and so this was an example of why
veteran units can be so deadly
they hate he just overwhelmed me on all
fronts numerically and I think
statistically in some locations without
you samurai well I probably should have
put them in the center in retrospect
seeing that I needed this plant to be
even more defensive than this one it
would have been more effective if I had
had the attacking field here and then
brought in cavalry that would have
routed the left completely and then I
could have swept but now you live to
learn right so that's that's a mistake
on my part so you can pretty much guess
that the battle isn't going to be done
for me you can see that all I have left
here are two units of your calves and
they're going to be attacked soon
everybody and
and my vote Calvary are just taking my
boy my are are taking shots but
at this point not much I can do really
and that is going to be the battle I
hope you guys enjoyed that one and be
sure to click on the annotation so you
can go around and watch the other ones
so thanks for watching